Document continuous profiling comparison mode (#4093)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/upsun/src/increase-observability/application-metrics/cont-prof-comparison.md

---
title: Comparing Continuous Profiling Timeframes
description: Comparing continuous profiling timeframes
weight: 20
---

{{< partial "continuous-profiling-sellable/body.md" >}}

{{< vendor/name >}} Continuous Profiler dashboard allows comparing two timeframes to better
understand application dynamics in various contexts.

You could compare two versions of the application, before and after a deployment,
or rush hours with quiet times for instance.

## Enabling comparison mode

A toggle on the top right corner of the continuous profiling dashboard enables
the comparison mode.

![Routes](/images/observability/cont-prof-comparison-console.png "0.5")

> Once comparison enabled, you can select two timeframes referred to as ``A`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With comparisons enabled, you can select two timeframes referred to as ``A`` and
```
